Xin!
Such power...!
Oh? Block my strike, will you?
Xin...
Cavalry, too? Who are these guys?
Retreat! Lady tactician's orders!
Fall back for now!
Stand your ground, Fei Xin Force!
Say what?
It's too dangerous
to show 'em our backs now!
When we're surrounded, we cover
each other's backs--and we fight!
Stand firm! Chu Shui's cavalry'll
be ridin' in from behind!
Then we'll regroup
and crush every last one of these
cocky trap-settin' bastards!
Until then, dig in your heels, gang!
Regroup, eh?
You think you have the luxury of regrouping?
Zhao
What's that?
Listen up, Qin imbeciles.
Let me share with you the words
of our general, Ji Hui:
Here in Heiyong,
he who confounds his enemy
will be victorious.
Wha--
They took one of our hills?!
The Stench of the Battlefield
There, boss... smoke on one
of the hills on our side.
The Fei Xin Force should have passed it by,
and it feels too soon for the
right flank to have taken it.
Is that even one of our signals?
That idiotic servant.
Go, Xin!
Take down that big fella!
Is his horse gonna hold up?
General!
General?
I'm surprised.
Not even Liu Dong can take
a blow from my battle-axe,
and here you've done it twice.
Xin!
It's Lieutenant Chu Shui!
Excellent!
I believe that's enough, sir...
I am Mǎ Cheng.
I never thought I'd suddenly be trading
blows with the quarry himself.
Such a fine opportunity...
but our time is up.
Look forward to our next meeting--
I'll be bringing a proper army.
Xin of the Fei Xin Force.
See you later.
Wha--?!
Are you kiddin' me? So I just
stand here and let you run?!
Wait, Xin!
Leave pursuit to Chu Shui's unit!
We have bigger fish to fry!
Our problem right now
is in that direction.
Quite bold of you to use both adjutants
right out of the gate, Ji Hui.
To fight in Heiyong, it's vital that we
do whatever it takes to seize the initiative.
But you have much to lose if you fail.
I take it you're a gambling man?
This is no gamble.
I am confident in Mǎ Cheng and
Liu Dong--and in their might.
Zhao
Liu Dong, sir! Preparations are complete!
Are we really going to
take that hill alone?!
That elevation...
We'll be hit with a barrage of arrows and rocks
from above while we're still climbing!
And we have no idea how
many enemies there are!
The unit on the hilltop is a
small one--that much is certain.
They probably used river
tributaries we don't know about
to get this far in.
That's definitely nothing
a bigger army unit could do.
And the Fei Xin Force can
handle a small unit,
even if the enemy has the high ground.
Still, it doesn't mean
we'll get out unscathed.
I know.
But if we don't do it now,
the enemy will gather on that hill
and turn it into a stronghold--
and we'll need a big army for that battle.
So if we're gonna take it,
it's gotta be now.
Uh-huh.
But how do we take the hill?
Don't worry.
Simple tactics will do the trick.
Listen up!
I want ranks of shields
without a single gap!
We face the rain of arrows
head-on and keep on climbing!
We gonna do this?
Are we gonna do this?
Then let's go!
The hill's bigger than we thought.
The enemy can't defend it all
with just a small unit.
So Tian Yǒu will shout and make a big
show of advancing right up the front.
The arrows should be coming soon!
Shields up!
Meanwhile,
a nimble squad led by
Xin and Chong Yuan
will scramble up the back
out of the enemy's sight.
Nice. The enemy is totally distracted
by Tian Yǒu's guys on the front.
Hold up--sentries.
Ten... maybe twenty of 'em.
No other sentries around us.
We can circle right and go around 'em.
I'll keep to this path.
All right. Here goes.
Zhao
Ready?
Go!
What the hell?!
Wh-What gives? We haven't
seen a single arrow.
What did I tell you?
Heiyong is all about confounding your foe.
Zhao
Son of a bitch...!
Once he had reached the
summit, Xin realized
the two units that had come out of
nowhere had played him like a violin.
Central Hill / Fei Xin Force
Believing that the hill was occupied,
the Fei Xin Force changed their route
and made moves to capture it.
Zhao
Central Hill
Mǎ Cheng's & Liu Dong's Units
Fei Xin Force
Qin
This spoiled their strategy
of being the first to create
a front line beyond the central hill,
allowing the Zhao army
to reach the central hill first
and set up a front line on the near side.
While Xin was climbing the hill,
Central Hill / Fei Xin Force
Qiang Lei's unit, sent ahead
as Fei Xin Force scouts...
What's this?
So Heiyong's not just a sea of trees...
Right after we arrived,
I spotted those wisps of smoke.
So they were signs of human life.
In which case...
there'll be other settlements, too.
Wait a second.
Why are they so carefree,
tending their fields?
All those kids playing outside...
Do they have no idea
they're on the brink of war?
Even Qin is home to a number of
these remote back-country places
that barely seem part of
the country at large.
I wouldn't be surprised if news of the war
hadn't reached this dense forest.
Let's keep going, Qiang Lei.
This is their problem.
Harsh as it may sound,
this doesn't concern us right now.
How can it not?
Lieutenant?
Huang Bing, go notify Xin
about the settlement.
Y-Yes, ma'am!
The rest of you, stay on guard.
I'll go warn them.
Don't do it, Qiang Lei!
We're nothing but invaders to them!
I'm coming right back.
I told you:
This war is getting complicated, Xin.
Not long after this commotion
on the righthand side,
the left battlefield, too,
sprang into action.
D-Does Huan Yi's army always
march this fast, Ba Yin?
Huh?
It's just... we move even faster
than this sometimes, but...
Nah, we're not always this speedy.
But this time--well, I don't
know the specifics,
Central Hill / Lei Tu's Army // Qin
but Lei Tu's army is rushing ahead first
to set up a front line
past the central hill.
And we're Lei Tu's army?
You got it. Lei Tu's army, second file.
Lei Tu...
That scary guy with the tattoo
around his left eye?
Oh, Lei Tu's scary all right.
Crazy strong, too.
Huan
The boss had a hell of a time reelin' in
his gang, I tell you what.
His gang? Reeling in?
Geez, you don't even know that much?
Right now we're all one
united army under Huan Yi,
but we used to be separate bandit gangs.
One by one, the boss either crushed 'em
or persuaded 'em to come work for him.
That's how we wound up so big.
Wow...
And we're in a squad under Lei Tu,
the most fearsome of them all?
Something like that.
But see, there are two other groups
that are serious bad news.
One is the Ze Nuo Gang.
They're running alongside us,
through the shrubs on our left.
They used to be a menacing
gang of bandits up north,
so fierce you'd think they
were really just berserkers.
Those dudes are
crazy about warfare.
O... kay...
They definitely have the most
military might in Huan Yi's army,
and they'll happily leap
into the jaws of death.
Especially their leader, Ze Nuo.
He's this huge beast of a guy who can
twist off an ox's head with one hand.
I saw Meng Wu once,
and Ze Nuo would tower over him!
What?!
The Ze Nuo Gang always kicks in the
most whenever strength is called for.
There's just one big problem.
Those guys? They're savage beasts!
Their bloodlust is constant.
If they don't like you, they'll tear you to
shreds--even if you're on their side.
Hell, even the boss stays clear of Ze Nuo.
So don't go wandering over
to the left side, hear me?
O-Okay, fellas, if we get
separated, do not head left!
The other group is the one
behind us right now:
the Shagui Gang.
The Shagui... Gang?
They're the most brutal group in
Huan Yi's army. Enough said, I assume?
Like, they get off on impaling
living people on stakes.
Those guys are total whackjobs.
They say the greatest misfortune
in the whole Middle Kingdom
is to be captured by the Shagui.
A-All right, fellas, keep moving!
Don't slow down on me, now!
Hey, Wei Ping...
They will let us go back to the
Fei Xin Force when this is over, right?
They should.
I was drunk, so my memory's kinda foggy,
but I'm pretty sure that's
what they said...
G-General Huan Yi!
Boss! What are you doing out here?!
Are you Lei Tu's second file?
Y-Yes, sir!
One more to the left, Li Yu.
Looks like.
Is something wrong?
To come all this way yourself...
Ah, well... you know.
That servant on the right
already screwed up.
Huh?
Let's go.
Right.
Lieutenant Ji Hui's gamble paid off.
Things should go smoothly thanks to the
efforts of his two adjutants. I'm grateful.
Your flattery is unconvincing, Yue Ying.
Your short stature means good visibility
for me. I'm grateful for that, too.
Listen, Yue Ying...
That's one outstanding feat
you've pulled off, Ji Hui.
All credit to Mǎ Cheng and Liu Dong.
Look.
The central hill--the largest in Heiyong,
and the one that will decide this battle.
The left does not worry me.
As we advance, be wary
of the right alone.
That central hill will be ours.
Y-You sure about diving in like this, boss?
I'm sure.
Hey, what's the big idea?!
Don't you know who our boss--
Out of my way.
Boss, we're not supposed to
mow them down!
N-No, stop! We're allies, you morons!
I see your crew hasn't changed one bit.
Got a job for you, Ze Nuo.
Use your brawn to tear up
the Heiyong playing field.
Huan Yi...
You're not getting past us!
All right--we're through!
There! In that clearing!
Crap, it's an ambush!
Xin! We need to withdraw!
We can't go any further here!
Dammit!
The Fei Xin Force struggled with
the skillful guerilla tactics
Mǎ Cheng's & Liu Dong's Units / Fei Xin Force
of their foes, Mǎ Cheng and Liu Dong,
and were unable to push
back the front line.
The vanguard of Zhao's main army
Zhao Central Army Vanguard / Central Hill
had already come to within a hair's
breadth of the central hill.
We're not to climb it yet?
I get it. An army is at its most vulnerable
while clearing a path to the summit.
The main camp can wait until
the vanguard has set up a stronghold.
That's true, but right now, the enemy's
not breathing down our necks.
This gentleman is more
cautious than I'd expected.
It's not out of caution.
I simply haven't smelled Huan Yi's
stench at the bottom yet.
I-I see...
There we go.
He's a monster!
Lei Tu, sir, the Ze Nuo Gang
is gonna steal our thunder!
Still, if the boss is
using Ze Nuo already...
I-Is the second file going to charge, too?
We sure are!
Central Hill / Lei Tu / Ze Nuo / Wei Ping
The Ze Nuo Gang and Lei Tu
are off to smash the enemy front!
We're tagging along to join the fray!
Then we'd better hurry and--
Hey! A hill!
That's the one?!
Wait--it's huge! That there is a mountain!
It's huge, all right.
That's why it's so dangerous.
Us former bandits worked in the
mountains, see. We know our stuff.
If they turn that thing into a stronghold,
we won't stand a chance!
The boss used Ze Nuo, his ace in the hole,
to stop that from happening.
We gotta keep the Zhao army
from conquerin' that hill!
Urgent report!
The right flank's front line collapsed!
The enemy seems to have broken through!
The front line collapsed?!
They broke through?
But our right wing is 20 thousand strong!
To break through enemy lines
in this dense forest,
they'd need significantly superior might.
Huan Yi must have sent out his
mightiest squad. And their target...
Qing She, sir!
Report from the central vanguard!
Preparations to climb
the hill are complete!
Qing She, sir... Please call off
the vanguard's ascent for now.
The enemy's broken through the right front;
they'll surely target the
squad's flanks on its way up.
Central Hill
Taking any hits along the way
will result in massive losses.
Qing She, sir?
I did not ask for your opinion, Ji Hui.
Do not get between me and Huan Yi today.
Have the vanguard make
a stronghold of the hill.
Sir!
Another report!
The enemy that broke
through our right front
is about to break through
our reserves, too!
They're on pace to storm the central hill!
The Zhao army began advancing
on the central hill.
Tch!
They actually started climbing!
The nerve of that lot!
Ze Nuo, we have to secure
a route to the right!
We'll tear into the flanks of those
ding-dongs dawdling at the base!
Your job here, Lei Tu...
is to guide my brawn.
Halt!
Oho... That Qing She fellow
is going hard, too.
The most terrifying part of war
is when you think you hold the upper hand,
only to find yourself suddenly
staring into the jaws of death.
Am I getting through to you,
you backwoods apes?
Yeah... loud and clear.
You're sayin' you're a damn fool!
Yue Ying seems to have
clashed with the enemy.
Is he all right? Those are no ordinary
enemies closing in on them.
Yue Ying will be fine.
It's 10 thousand times safer
than that wager of yours.
Besides...
Qing She himself has taken the field.
Those enemies are as good as dead.
This Qing She gentleman...
He's even more fearsome than they say.
How do you intend to stop them?
I'm not going out there to stop them.
I'm going to hunt them.
The enemy's not in that direction--
Stay there and be quiet, Ji Hui.
I'll treat you to the sound of Huan Yin's arm
shattering.
O-Ow...
Wei Ping!
Wei Ping! Wei Ping!
I... I'm all right!
Never mind me, just...
...run!
You utter trash!
You got a lotta nerve, tryin'
a sneak attack on the Huan Yi army!
S-So strong...
For Huan Yi's soldiers to be
defeated so handily...
It's not just the surprise factor.
This enemy unit...
It's seriously powerful!
Well done, Qing She, sir!
Qing She?
Qing She?!
Isn't Qing She the commanding
general of the Zhao army?
This appears to be their second file, sir.
What on earth is their
top general doing out here?
A few more units are catching up
from further in.
Crush them all.
Don't let a single squad through.
This is where we sever their
head from its reinforcements.
Sever?!
You started this--and there's
no going back now, Huan Yi.
Heiyong at Night
Next on Kingdom: "Heiyong at Night."